summary.md, before:

**should_customize_exception**
1. how inheritance works. https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/java_inheritance.htm
2. at first I tried to throw the exception in the implementation of the method so I created an infinite loop.
3. since the class StringFormatException's parent is Exception which parent is Throwable, and has the same signature as my parameter. I can just use it's implementation since I just need to throw the exception. With the use of super(), I can immediately call the constructor of the parent class. 
4. None

**should_customize_exception_continued**
1. how inheritance works. https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/java_inheritance.htm
2. 
3. since the class StringFormatException's parent is Exception, and Exception class has a constructor that has the same signature as the one I'm passing and does what I want. Then I can just call it again with super() with the parameters that it needs. 
4. None

**should_be_careful_of_the_order_of_finally_block**
1. the use of finally. https://www.javatpoint.com/finally-block-in-exception-handling
2. since Integer.MAX_VALUE is not the same as the expected output
3. when using finally block, it will always execute after the try and catch block whether there is an exception or not. so in this case, since the parameter's value passed is 2, it will return 0 based on the logic in the finally.  
4. None

Commit message:

fix test should_use_the_try_pattern

summary.md, after:

**should_customize_exception**
1. how inheritance works. https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/java_inheritance.htm
2. at first I tried to throw the exception in the implementation of the method so I created an infinite loop.
3. since the class StringFormatException's parent is Exception which parent is Throwable, and has the same signature as my parameter. I can just use it's implementation since I just need to throw the exception. With the use of super(), I can immediately call the constructor of the parent class. 
4. None

**should_customize_exception_continued**
1. how inheritance works. https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/java_inheritance.htm
2. 
3. since the class StringFormatException's parent is Exception, and Exception class has a constructor that has the same signature as the one I'm passing and does what I want. Then I can just call it again with super() with the parameters that it needs. 
4. None

**should_be_careful_of_the_order_of_finally_block**
1. the use of finally. https://www.javatpoint.com/finally-block-in-exception-handling
2. since Integer.MAX_VALUE is not the same as the expected output
3. when using finally block, it will always execute after the try and catch block whether there is an exception or not. so in this case, since the parameter's value passed is 2, it will return 0 based on the logic in the finally.  
4. None

**should_use_the_try_pattern**
1. the use of try with resource statement. https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/essential/exceptions/tryResourceClose.html
2. I assumed that the value closableStateReference.isClosed() is false since close() method was never called.
3. since it's using try with resource statement then it will always close the resource after the try block. in this case close() method is overridden to set the reference to close which is why closableStateReference.isClosed() will return true.
4. None
